156 update threshold text (#1166)
weaviate/weaviate-io: developers/academy/zero_to_mvp/102_queries_1/20_vector_parameters.mdx

## <i class="fa-solid fa-square-chevron-right"></i>&nbsp;&nbsp;Adding a threshold

> Vector search is based on similarity, it does not inherently exclude any of the results. By default, vector search returns up to `QUERY_MAXIMUM_RESULTS`. To limit the number of results, set a threshold or limit.

Reviewer: I think I would prefer to not tie this explanation to the particular env variable. 

Some users (e.g. WCS users) will not have `QUERY_MAXIMUM_RESULTS` exposed them to configure.

```suggestion
Vector search is based on similarity, it does not inherently exclude any of the results. By default, vector search returns up to a Weaviate-defined maximum number of results. To further limit the number of results, set a threshold or limit.
```

Author: Updated. I changed the wording slightly since some users can set QUERY_MAXIMUM_RESULTS
